The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
To reach the end, you must go through hell.
You can't expect to get diamonds if you don't even mine.
Even if it's rare doesn't mean it's useful.
You can try it again but it'll always end up giving you damage.
A wooden pickaxe doesn't look useful, but without it nothing is possible.
A heart is like bedrock, the only way you can break it is by cheating.
Pain is only temporary, just respawn and get everything back.
The shield is like yout motivation, if it breaks you start losing.
Animals will follow you, but only because you have food.
You can own the world, but still end up alone.
Cheating may make the process easier, but it takes way all the fun.
The night is darkest just before dawn.
Even the smallest seed can grow into a mighty tree.
Treasure is often hidden deep below the surface.
A sturdy foundation makes everything possible.
Lava can destroy, but it can also create light.
Even in the darkest cave, there is always a way out.